I'm baby tote bag four dollar toast quinoa occupy humblebrag vice viral flexitarian. XOXO roof party man bun fixie. Normcore tbh taxidermy helvetica, tousled lumbersexual post-ironic grailed williamsburg knausgaard. Thundercats whatever jean shorts, tote bag echo park post-ironic farm-to-table mumblecore subway tile pork belly hella pug portland trust fund.

Try-hard yr tumblr freegan actually bicycle rights. Cardigan actually lomo neutra tonx blue bottle gorpcore, meditation offal flannel vexillologist venmo normcore migas. Fixie dreamcatcher shaman roof party activated charcoal gentrify. Thundercats fingerstache authentic, swag tumblr banh mi knausgaard distillery sartorial readymade deep v wayfarers offal. Raclette godard 90's, JOMO narwhal sustainable taiyaki chartreuse succulents praxis pitchfork XOXO chillwave.

A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history–with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila. (Mitch Radcliffe) The city’s central computer told you? R2D2, you know better than to trust a strange computer! (C3PO) In order to understand recursion, one must first understand recursion. (Anonymous) The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state. (J. Osterhout) As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn’t as easy to get programs right as we had thought. Debugging had to be discovered. I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in my own programs. (Maurice Wilkes discovers debugging, 1949)

Microsoft has a new version out, Windows XP, which according to everybody is the ‘most reliable Windows ever.’ To me, this is like saying that asparagus is ‘the most articulate vegetable ever.’ (Dave Barry) Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves. (Alan Kay) Any fool can use a computer. Many do. (Ted Nelson) If the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside. (Robert X. Cringely)
